README.md, before:

# Ready-React-Portfolio


This is the portfolio, using the CREATE REACT app. This contains contact info, the projects I did and what am currently doing now. 
The deployment of the website, it refreshes the portfolio with a new look. The faster way the speed. 

# How to Start REACT

use npm start and 

# About the project

This is the  Ready-React-portfolio, using the CREATE REACT app. This contains contact info, the current projects I did and what am currently doing now. 
When I run the deployment of the website, it refreshes the portfolio with a new look. The faster way the speed, the more buildable to hold. 

# Motivation(s)

My motivation is to start over again and make sure the elements are in touch with the format. Another motivation is to be do work that inspires me
as a web developer. 

# How to Start REACT App

1. use npm start 

Option: If does not work, go to download node in linux

Open the the tar.gz in the files folder. Unzip or Extract with Good Wicked Archiver or Zip Archiver. Wait for it Scan. If you are unable, follow these 

instructions, 





# Link of the Repository

Link of the repo: https://github.com/codeyab22/Ready-React-Portfolio/

# Link of the Deployed Website:

Link of the Deployed website: 


# Author(s)

Only Adia. 


# Questons

Contact Me at:

Github: codeyab
>>>>>>> bccbd2f905bc4f6c84bf94f406047d577b7f74e5

Commit message:

README.md
I am going to make sure this get done today.

README.md, after:

# Ready-React-Portfolio


This is the portfolio, using the CREATE REACT app. This contains contact info, the projects I did and what am currently doing now. 
The deployment of the website, it refreshes the portfolio with a new look. The faster way the speed. This is an 

# How to Start REACT App

Install Node and run npm install

use npm start to start your server. It will tell if you are missing or good to go. 
Make sure you install all your modules of the dependencies



Option: If does not work, go to download node in linux

Open the the tar.gz in the files folder. Unzip or Extract with Good Wicked Archiver or Zip Archiver. Wait for it Scan. If you are unable, follow these 

instructions, 
# About the project

This is the  Ready-React-portfolio, using the CREATE REACT app. This contains contact info, the current projects I did and what am currently doing now. 
When I run the deployment of the website, it refreshes the portfolio with a new look. The faster way the speed, the more buildable to hold. 

# Motivation(s)

My motivation is to start over again and make sure the elements are in touch with the format. Another motivation is to be do work that inspires me
as a web developer. Being a web developer is picking my own





# Link of the Repository

Link of the repo: https://github.com/codeyab22/Ready-React-Portfolio/

# Link of the Deployed Website:

Link of the Deployed website: http://localhost:3000/project


# Author(s)

Only Adia. 


# Questons

Contact Me at:

Github: codeyab22
